ass_int_2_alt1_mastered_only.awc
124.4333
So, what's up, man?
Sit down and face forward!
Now, I don't have a lot of time,
I know you need money.
Did Michael tell you about Lifeinvader?
Oh, shit, y'all two did that?
Look forward!
We're two strangers having a friendly chat.
And don't pretend that you liked Jay Norris.
Oh, man, I don't know, homie.
I mean, yeah, the dude outsourced work to child slaves,
then stole and sold everybody's private information,
and even ripped his own friends' ideas off.
and walked around like the messiah while doing it, but...
Man, I don't think the nigga deserved to have his fucking head blowed off on TV.
Oh, well, aren't you just the moral majority?
You know, that's why the world is the way it is today.
When a paid thug gets all namby pamby
when someone asks him to act like a paid thug,
and for a good cause.
Man, check this out, homie.
I like blowing motherfucking fools' heads off just as much as the next psychotic asshole,
but I just don't look at this shit as doing a good deed.
Well, now you can.
'Cause it's not fools' heads,
it's assholes' heads, and not just heads, you know.
Trashing cars,
or planting lies,
forging evidence,
anything we can do to take the battle back to these turds.
You know, we'll...
fix the market in our favor and we'll right a few wrongs while we're at it.
Shit! Okay, cool.
Right, so you heard of Mollis?
Hell yeah.
Okay, so there's a new Mollis, sort of a super Mollis.
And it's called Priapol, it's giving the living rigor mortis.
Only Brett Lowrey,
CEO of Bilkinton Research paid off the FDA.
He doesn't care that his hardness pills are
giving desperate middle-aged men the world over heart attacks.
Damn, man, that sucks.
Yeah, it does!
Now, Mr. Greedy Lowrey is staying at the Von Crastenburg Hotel on Richman,
of course he'll be well protected, but...
if he goes away,
then America goes back to using Mollis,
and Betta Pharmaceuticals gets a big bump in the price of their stock.
Damn, man.
Alright, fuck it. I got you.
I thought that you would.
Now, consider using a sniper rifle,
or sticky bombs,
you know, whatever.
Do it your way, however you want.
I'm gonna make the investment.
We don't speak about this or anything.
Now walk away and I'll stay here till you're gone.
